## Todo
- 
## Open quests, side-quests, errands
- 
## Session Notes
- Wake up the next morning at the Kolyanavich manor
- Depart, go down the road a bit
- come to a crossroads with a gallows, empty
- As we walk away, we hear a creaking sound, and there's a body hanging there now. Lillith sees her face, the rest of us see just a random person. When she touches it with her mage hand, it melts away to nothing
- We meet a camp of Vistani, who are like wanderers
	- One of them, Jacques, tells us a story
		- A mighty wizard was here a year ago. Thought he could rally the people against Strahd
		- They abandoned him as soon as Strahd appeared, leaving him to face him alone
		- The wizard was thrown a thousand feet to his death
		- When he went to look for the body, it wasn't to be found
- Strahd has been living here unchallenged a hundred years since, and is centuries old
- Talk to the fortune teller, who draws cards to tell our fortune
	- To understand our enemy: The Anarchist - Walls of bones. A chandelier of bones. A table of bones. All that remains of enemies long forgotten
	- Powerful force for good and protection, a holy symbol: The Mercenary - The thing that you seek lies with the dead under mountains of gold coins.
	- Power and strength, weapon of vengeance (a sword of sunlight): The Soldier: Go to the mountains. Climb the white tower guarded by golden knights
	- Sheds light on the one who will help you greatly: Seer - He waits for you in a place of wisdom, warmth, and despair. Great secrets are there
	- Who your enemy is, a creature of darkness, where to find them (location of Strahd?): The Broken One - Who your enemy is, a creature of darkness, where to find them (location of Strahd?):
- We bargained for some horses. We said we'd bring them back when we were done, so we'll see if that's possible
- It's now about 2:00pm, we spent some time at the camp, but we should travel more quickly with horses